With my point of view, the federal body of the state government, as you know, the Ministry of Justice,
has made a colossal Jewish mistake and a allegorical mistake.
The story, the whole story, is about the fact that the attempt to prohibit the liquidation does not bring anything.
Just the light of the ego will be in the opposite direction.
And when I communicate with the top people, with the priests, they say, Anatoliy Vasilyevich,
they do not ask me this question, but in fact, it is rhetorical, and what is happening.
This is a colossal mistake, the organ of the federal body of the state government.
I have already told you that the elements of the state government of the state government of the state,
the state of the 28th institution, which guarantees the state of the state of the state,
it is simply stopped, but it simply does not pay attention to it.
The legal system is created today in the whole world, and even Nazi Germany, which for them created their camp,
Aushvist or Popolsky Vensum, called, where there was a total of 1,400,000 people,
he created the legal system, they were forced to be a slave to a slave.
And what did this end? This is the end of the crime of the Nazis.
But other states have made this right choice.
Today, the legal system is created, the law is brought to its effect,
in Germany, in the same way, in other European states, but why do we have such a crime?
Here I ask all these questions, and I am absolutely sure that nothing good will happen to them.
I can not share the belief of the legal system, but I am today to protect them,
because the legal system starts from here.
And I want to remind you, of the famous word, they may sound banal,
but they need to repeat more often.
The famous priest, Martian Niemelior, by the way, German priest,
Lutiransky, who said, at the beginning, they came to the communists, but I missed him.
Then they came for the time, but I missed him, because he did not have time either.
They came for the Catholics, but when they came to me,
it was no one to say the word of my protection.
So, we don't need to be silent.
If we say that we are right-wing state,
we are right-wing state, where the law and freedom of the person,
where the law has the power and power of the government,
then let's raise our voice to protect the legal system.